[Music]
hello that such friends speak to you the abyss
of armadillo and I bring you the mod of
the twin towers for grand theft
auto san andreas good let's start with the
installation we open the clique file
examine look for the folder of your grand
theft auto san andreas click on accept
the one that extract the clicker everything and
ready
good friends once they enter your gta
san andreas and address
to this address
you'll see the enchanted city of
the twin towers good friends
enjoy the video that comes to
continuation
[Music]
Y
and
i
yes
[Music]
Y
good friends if you liked this video
tensed I like to comment and subscribe
separate more and do not forget to share this
video with your friends also do not forget
leave alone like on my page in
facebook if that same page on facebook
what good on screen so good
gentlemen this has been all for today
thank you for watching this video
good bye until the next